docs(content): vercel deploy provider info (#544)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/features/deployment/providers.md

BUILD_PRESET=firebase npm run build
firebase deploy
```

## Vercel

Analog supports deploying on [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) with no additional configuration.

> ### Create the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploying the Project
```

> You don't need to do anything special to deploy to Vercel, everything is handled automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when deploying to Vercel, the build preset is handled automatically.
```

1. Create a new project and select the repository that contains your code.

2. Click 'Deploy'.

> ### Vercel doesn't load the preset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting the Preset Manually
```

There might be a case where Vercel doesn't load the preset automatically. In that case, you can do one of the following.

- Set the `BUILD_PRESET` environment variable to `vercel`.
- Set the preset in the `vite.config.ts` file:

```ts [vite.config.ts]
plugins: [
  analog({
    nitro: {
      preset: 'vercel',
    },
  }),
];
```

> #### Nx and vercel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Nx and Vercel
```

> When using Nx and reusing the build cache on the Vercel build platform, there is a possibility that the cache will be reused if you have built it locally. This can lead to the output being placed in the wrong location. To resolve this issue, you can use the preset in the `vite.config.ts` file as a workaround.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Nx and reusing the build cache on the Vercel build platform, there is a possibility that the cache is reused if you have built it locally. This can lead to the output being placed in the wrong location. To resolve this issue, you can use the preset in the `vite.config.ts` file as a workaround.
```
